Better Congress ⇌ Better Legislatures: A ∱cool Servicemark Credential
===========================
### A Draft Proposal for LegislatorLabs.org ∱pace praxis development, v0.1 ⏣ Take this from here ###
- Diverseity ⇌ Diverscity Additive Character to Diverseity    
- Supports Long-term, Long Now Goals of an even Better "Citizens Bank @ Prospect Avenue" Legislatures, with only calm⁴unal calm⁴unity character needed on Approach, without concern for Flatland ideology  
- Follows ⩙ice and |men pattern  
- Operates without concern for face, but for occasional, mixed-probability Cross-Continental Signalling  
- Requires mastery of Calm⁴ing Core, Engaugement and Active Fulfillment of 2nd Lan∆gauge Ideological Synthesis (+3 GrandParent Life Expectancy Benefit, Tactical Causes of and Supports to Hhappiness for those in 日本人 reaching Calm and 普通话 P¹⁵ath Present Tense vs. Tense Future Hhealthh Worldwide, Associated LAN∆gauge ∆⇌ Aging Models for the U|S).  
- KB CORE Tested to Satisfaction, 2 Year Term Reapproval Requirement, Any Waivers Carry Expressed Rationale (Ex. "Why not all countries identified? How many⁵? Why an exemption hhere?")  
- Neutral to All Partisan Ideologies, Measures Hot Button Issues only in relation to settled or nearly-settled Precautionary Conscience Literature, with the latter carrying hypothesis test harnesses for decision fillouts  
- Requires drop of all Polarizing, Consultative-Apathy-Generating Campaign Tactics (only talking to people who are likely voters, only talking to people who share Your beliefs, only talking to margin of "victory" marginals.. i.e. changing Optimal Vote "ForAge" E/ht Theory to be inclusively ℝacist)  
- Requires campaign contribution caps that X, Y, Z Demographic can meet, ranging from "Yuppie" to "Working Poor" [∱Ne¹⁰.Ne¹⁰, Time] to "Si¹⁴|Rn⁸⁶ Child" [∱He², Time].  
- Local District and Free Roam Badge, for Highar¹⁸ Quality, Incumbancy Bottlenecking Assassins (Jon Huntsman, perhaps, for instance — likely capable of running practically anywhere to take out or ℝace-up a slowing and deleterious ℝacist ∱team, in 0 : 1 : 2. No carpetbagger sideshow claims.) Herstorically, this may have been Congressional Traficant, of OH-17, who irritated Us so, but did, in fairness, help produce one of the, ˝Yes, We Kant" ⩙ice and |men precedents in the OH-Cradle District.  
- Reacts well out of emotional grid testing  
- Handles arguments at hi levels, central point and pivotal focus, regardless of ideology  
- Frames testable hypotheses, accepts and shows evidence of living the results when they arrive¹  
- Etc. What else fits in the Better Congress Servicemark?  
- Many thanks to the Reƒramar¹⁸s and the ∆⇌signers. A Servicemark Application will proceed for Hharmless hhands. Please be in touch if You'd like to remerge Ᏼranches.

¹: Skeptical that the Better Congress Institute can secure this in all arbitrary cases, but in some, like veganism ⇌ vegetarianism, lifesavers army | proper.ly⁵ Vresistent (Victory² Resistent) military service, and adoption → fairtility, there's an objective measure of a hharmless hhearthh build.

²: There are no Victories in taking Life. WWII, dare i say it, was not a Victory. It was a Pyrrhic Period for the U|S, with the Other Allies and the Axis, and most of Æurope and Æsia taking a greater part of the Total Beating. One of the reasons the U|S Models of Force are off are because We remember this Raw War as a Triumphant Victory rather than as the Least Bad Hhumanitarian Defeat and Pyrrhic Period for the World, under the circumstances arranged before the U|S |manned up, got its head out of the sand, and got involved after the Pearl Harbor overreach. There are no Victories in taking Life. Not before Uuo¹¹⁸, any We|i, or another n-firm Calm⁴ Covenant Exercise. There are Pyrrhicisms. Empirically, these Pyrrhicisms are not only a last resort, but tactically follow intercontinental, continental, country, and city gentle self-sacrifice, of the ballistic truth seeker and hharmless berserker variety, and include all known constructive dissonance techniques to break the value system of the ∫team opponent back to Mutually Well-Trusted, non-Crooked Humble, Humanitarian, Harmless Hands.armless Covenant Assured Life Models. These aren't enemies, exactly.. they're opponents with families and communities that are falling short of calm⁴unity N⁺⁴. ישראל is, oddly, one of my opponents, in the context of the forceful tactics used without any reevaluation of Wholly Integrated Tactics of Armless, Even Unarmored Mir Martyrs. Sadly, i Kant-force the question immediately, because i'm not under a lifesavers army commander exactly.. i lack Basic Training. i haven't finished the Enscribed segment in the U|S Lifesavers Army, from which multilateral Root-Resolving Truth operations might begin.