Dear Heart Survivor, or Heart blotted, fearing, earing family,

I'm not a doctor, so take everything i'm about to say with a smaller grain of salt.

Your doctor told you, maybe, that you suffered from a heart clot, not a heart attack. Maybe they had to move on without explaining all the reasons, because there are so many reasons, and they have to keep their eyes on your vitals, and they know i'm pretty good at explaining this a little better. It's easier to do when you can rely on writing: it's sometimes more reliable than speaking alone. Let me try to help explain. Maybe you'll relate to this larger picture better, even though it takes more (standard) time to explain this way, it might be more stable with this at your family table. 

But before going into this, do you still have a copy in hand of the Food Rules for home? Is it still centered on the table? If so, skip ahead to "Clots, not Attacks" below. _But if it's not there, would you let me boost your family with health with this reading? The Food Rules is empirically among of the best CORE conversational centerpieces for Grand:parent-quality 'Hmm' meals we've seen designed in the English langauge or available in the English in translation. Just ask everyone to read one bite-sized page they want to pick or teach or reinforce whenever you sit together to eat at the table, and you do the same. The beauty is that you can pick one for you or for your loved one or just one that's slipping from memory, and honestly, no one has to know what made you choose that: it can be passive or active, but it's fundamentally nonaggressive family confrontation of Nature in Society. If you forget once or for a while, that's ok: just take it back up ritually next time anyone does remember it's there. I'd ask why you lost it from the table center, but i think i know what happened: most people lose it because they're cleaning the table and set it aside. There's a better way. Think of it like a family game where it never isn't touching the table, or it operates by a 2 second hover rule unless it's in someone's hands for shared reading. Move it to the corner you first cleaned, then clean the rest, and drop it back in the center when you're done. Whatever works for you, just play a game where it never isn't touching the table, or it operates by a 2 second hover rule unless it's in someone's hands for shared reading. Just drop it back onto a section you just cleaned. It can handle a bit of damp table. Our cleaning is the best way to remember as a family. It'll help prevent this from ever happening again. If you move, or a family member packs off to domicile elsewhere, don't be afraid to ask if they're keeping their table clean, conversational, and healthy over time. This is worth the paper for more than one copy. Health and education is at stake. Also, couples like both holding a copy. The cost is B⁵.C⁶ instantly; it's very affordable, even when you're being more than one, and you can use it almost all your life. It's beautifully worked to be readable in moments. It's bite-sized _and_ fun-sized. It's a bit ironic that this is written in a way that's a bit 'orthogonal' to the style of The Food Rules. Same goals, but different reading style. (We'll have to see how the reading goes of this, of course.) If you pray, it's wonderful before prayer, or to incorporate into prayer. Likely similar: same goals matched via careful conscience of Religious CORE, with different but complementary writing style. We're updating the Author, Michael Pollan, Periodically on anything we think might actually be worth improving further. It's not that easy to do. It's very well done. It shifted grocery shop patterns so much when it was first popularized broadly in the State and Interstate CORE that grocery stores deeply remember those weeks of inventory change. We even had to change the Convenience Store Purchase Rule around because so many Convenience Stores health-upped their stores, and the product mix on good for you became that much better that it was all of a sudden unjust to fill-up stations, who of course, have families to feed, too. That took about one week of sales drop to spread thoroughly to places that didn't get ahead of the wave. That was a strangely smooth transition. I²SIS Industrial Int Standard Icebreak Shippers offered to buy the Copyright, but Pollan's such a good conservator healthcare broadly objected, thinking making it Public Domain right now might adulterate it._

Was that a Clot? Or was that an Attack?
---------------------------------------

Well, it wasn't an Attack, even if you hit the ground.

Let's first talk about the body, but please keep in the back of your mind that this may also apply to the Larger Body.

It's clots that kill. They're not attacks, heart attacks. They're clots, heart clots. Clots of the heart.

The 'SEV vulgate' (<- i want to say, popular, or vulgar, but i don't know how to bridge it without 'SEV vulgate') terminology we use to describe Myocardial Infarction, [i.e. commonly slow, pinched off, clotted asphyxiation of the heart], is wrong, dead and deadly wrong. Most Persons like you and your nearest in the Family who experience the symptom onset of a Heart Clot do not experience it as an Attack, and because it's not feeling like an Attack yet, they wait, and they wait, and they wait to call. 

Maybe it's because Ambulances seem neighborhood noisy and nosy [^1]. If you're not in a State with ambulance coverage universal, it could be very haphazardly expensive, too, and by the time we're experiencing heart clots, we might have been burned one too many times on ambulance and other medical billing energy endangering hassles and encumbering hardships. It's understandable if you waited to call with things as they are. But let's think this thru, so it doesn't have to happen again.

What are the symptoms of Heart Clot? It's actually not always one single identifiable signal necessarily, which is also why it can be so confusing. I'm not the best person to describe this: i've not only never suffered thru it, and i'm not a cardiologist. But i know a patient who describes its symptom course and constellation like this:

<Alvin, would you fill out a short description here? The course and constellation starting from onset. No word limit, really. Whatever you think is important for reader preparative cue-action density and reliablity when the clot onset begins.>

what patients indicate cardiologists have been missing is a MOOC and Media Gallery of Video Interviews with Clot Survivors who arrived before today's Golden Hour (<- measured from first contact to Medicine to medical care, rather than from symptom onset) ever started, and Fibrillation Victims, describing their experiences. Studies show delays in human beings, especially males and minorities, calling for an EKG. But whatever you are, or think you are, what you need is an EKG, and a trained, supportive eye and ear, to disconfirm (or confirm) your belief that you might be suffering a clot. Diagnosing an MI isn't supposed to be any more difficult equipment-wise than what you can carry easily in your hands after parking a miniature car. It needs to be free to you, or so low cost you don't hold off on telling a chaperone something, anything, to spark the chaperone calling in for you. The chaperone, your Spouse, most of the time, will know what to listen for, and will help book a mini EKG for you, one way or another. 

Honestly, for this particular problem, with sensed and fully said symptom streaming, your Chaperone can immediately start driving you to the Hospital without waiting for an ambulance as your symptoms evolve or don't, that's common too, but _that's only true if and only if you speak now, rather than later_. 

If you hold off, you might suffer fibrillation on the way, so don't do that. Get in the car, in the passenger seat, and if you must for only a minute or two, wait for your Chaperone to get there while on the line with 911. Or, if it's more than a minute or two, but not three, authorize that ambulance. The moment you start driving (at or under the speed limit) think of that instant, when you get onto the road headed to a health center, as when your treatment by the Care Team actually began. 

Look, even if atrial fibrillation begins on your way driven by a Chaperone better positioned than an ambulance, if you go into fib while 911 is on the line, you'll be closer to the hospital when and where you pull over. Don't worry; if you're on your way, 911 can Chaperone your motion, too. So i'm not convinced that if you're feeling some of the early signs of clot, you need an ambulance at all. That might typically just slow you down if you're doing this right and your symptom onset is typical. That's how much of a non-attack clots are. Save the time, honestly save the cost if you're not in a Universal State, or not there quite yet, and just drive at the speed limit on your way to the Hospital and ask for an EKG. Waiting for the Ambulance adds time to your arrival, and if you're not fibrillating, you don't need that. Just let 911 know you're headed to the Hospital, give them your number, and let them know your ETA. Maybe they can call you back in 15m to check that you've arrived safe and sound. Who knows where the ambulance would even start from? I'm not saying this about seizure, or any known to be serious medical condition, and i'm not the final authority on anything, and i mean that. Nature is. I'm just urging you to consider the better Option here that isn't in couched around the politics and financial interests of Hospitals and Emergency Firms, which charge rates so high sometimes it tortures people from calling immediately for an Ambulance when they aren't sure if the EKG will show that their heart is clotting or not; they wait until the Clot makes them so far gone and out-of-it that maybe, at that point, they do need an Ambulance. Maybe, because they didn't call or talk to their Chaperone immediately, they lost 114 minutes, and now are living with tissue that has been suffocated, or partly suffocated, for 114 minutes. Don't let your loved one let their heart suffocate. Report the clot, even if you're not certain, once you learn what to look for.

Again, you need a MOOC and Media Gallery to train on those "some symptoms", and some practice exercises to live in your life. Until the MOOC and Media Gallery are filled by those who are better positioned in a System to fulfill on it. I can only form the framework of a media, medium, message mechanism model.

[link to MOOC]
[blank space for link to media gallery]

You also need a fridge magnet, i would suggest, if your fridge is magnetic, if you're at mid- to high-risk, with a link back to the MOOC and fresh MOOC Booster Media, especially salient if you're at heightened risk, and an 800 number you can call anytime to check your comprehension, or talk thru how you're feeling, with trained personnel on the other line. Generally, these would be RNs, but if it's very specialized, there might be a lighter training curriculum for the Clot Training, Clot Awareness Boosting, Clot Preventing, Clot Symptom Onset Chaperone Team than full RN. If you call them, maybe expect a call to your Spousal Chaperone, too. Spouses are empirically amazing at helping draw doubt out toward an EKG Test, to deal with that doubt like any hu/man ought to, when symptom onset starts.

There's a phone number, (+1) 800-HEART-CLOT, that i would suggest to popularize the notion of "Clots kill, not Attacks [^2]." States United already has it: it's held, or was held, by the Bangor, Maine Office of the Maine Department of Health and Human Services.For a time it was only available locally. All Nacions ought to register a Nacional Number, or alternaetively, apply toward joining the / an Interanacional that will set this or a better Framework up for Us.

The only part that might seem at first to be reasonable for controversy, i would think, would be whether the EKG is free or fee. Again, males and minorities are the ones who have until recently been calling the latest, statistically. The lesser part of this for most delays, i speculate, but this is reported to a degree in the evidence, is that males don't want to look weak. What would make you look more weak than waiting? The greater part is that Ambulance, Emergency Room, the forced Bed Fees are frightening for either family provider, but the male might be less anxious to spend on health certainty while under doubt. If males are to report in while under doubt, to a Hosptial that doesn't even tell any of us how much their standard beds cost with a cost list when we walk into the lobby, males are going to need more cost clarity, more cost transparency. I don't trust Hospital Systems to stick to a set fee voluntarily. Empirically, they don't, and anything greater than a $5 fee might cause me to wait to hit this Borlaug Scale B Major tone. But i would propose $2 for the fee, and take the rest as a loss leader. For every EKG that proves a positive Myocardial Infarction, you have a patient who's locked in for at least a night. So, think of this as the cost of an EKG and Trained Eye study that's 'Positive' for Heart Clot, for any Myocardial Infarction or other condition you need to hold the Chaperoned Patient for following the free EKG.

Do you want free EKGs? You'll probably need to finish the MOOC, or watch a Booster, and be tested on your comprehension, after each EKG within a given period of time to secure your free EKG credits. Really, it's not easy remembering the whole list of symptoms, and it's a lot harder if you're not being quizzed and spot-checked a couple times by your Chaperone. Your Chaperone will want to take the MOOC with you, and there might soon be a Chaperone MOOC Module that's really complementary. We'll send reminders to your Chaperone(s) periodically to share a tip on how to keep up awareness with a boost, because we have two lungs for a reason: in a more brutal version of nature, we can lose one lung and it's not a loss of life. There are thousands of reasons why it is not good to be alone, but one of the more important is that we store information together, usually in mutually encrypted epitope fragments, sometimes redundantly for dual survival, and each indiviedual couple benefits from doubling up on body sensation study. If you don't have a Spouse to serve as Primary Chaperone, and you're the right age, please consider searching for a Spouse. But in the meantime, lean on your Secondary Chaperones, like family and friends.

Also terrible about this Vulgate is that there's no clear conceptual relationship between the symptom onset and what a person should immediately do: take anti-clotting aspirin. 81mg daily of aspirin is one of the best anti-clot therapies that exists, and if you even begin to feel a _hint_ of the symptoms you should let your Chaperone hear you right away, in full, exactly what you're feeling, rather than hiding it. If either of you think it's an EKG Event, you should go. If you harbor any remaining doubts, they'll be answered soon. And yes, if you really need to argue about $5, you can argue about it in the car, while checking the MOOC 5m Boosters on your smartphone in the Chaperone Car, another term i was previously using for Crashless Car. Or if you're not in States United, 5 Euros. Or if you're not around Cars, the back of a Motorbike. One of my best Primary Care Medical Experiences ever involved transit on the back of a motorbike in Viet Nam to an all night Primary Care Facility chiefly for Traveling Foreigners, for a cough that was so deep i couldn't stand anymore not to go. It was affordable. I felt calmfortable going back on a lesser need than that,  because i was not held hostage. They were so good. They gave me prices, too, immediately, without thinking it was unusual, and without any fighting. That started and ended on a motorbike in a State that might, some day, forgive Us[^3], and maybe even join Us.

[^1]: It's so typical of me to propose some extremely safe miniature quiet car for this particular emergency call need, because it helps make sure the neighbors don't stare and turn us into suffering patient, medically infirm roleplayers, smothering us with sympathies that are not based on returning us to a noncatastrophic normal. It's also so typical of me to propose free EKG checks from equipment loaded into a mini car, which might, quite interestingly, even be the start of wide adoptance of the Crashless Canaries. If EMT Level 1s trust Crashless Cars, why shouldn't we? Waymo should be ready now [^4], and Uber will be ready soon. Once two are on the roads, they can systematize a security system for road entries that's no more or less rigorous than what they went thru, to permit new entrants a clear entry point on data and program algorithm assets on hand: 2.5 / 3 million miles driven, tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions, in simulation. Far, far more than any living human driver, and a driver that doesn't ever forget, constantly intensely learns, and spends every moment of its steepening just thinking about how to drive back the first Crash date as far as possible. 

Why a mini car? It teaches the population that smaller cars carry all the advances of safety benefits within, but lower the mass and momentum on the road, helping everyone walk away from a crash site safer. Adding weight and momentum to your car just makes the crash more dangerous for everyone on the road, incrementally. It's like making your crashing missile heavier, because you want your missile to survive the crash better than the other missile. Why would we not just leverage insurance and legal rules years ago to lower the cross-product weight of both missiles? Buying an SUV is so anti-physics, and so anti-child. Think about your neighbors, or your high school friends who bought cars that were smaller than yours, to protect you. Or on the basis of calmunity affordability. Or because they cared about the wasted gasoline. This can and should be its own lifesavers.army topic: vehicular m-manslaughter adaptations. It just takes a view of 1,000 Persons lives to want to lower the cross-product. Part of getting better involves counting. How do we get to m-manslaughter? 35,000 people have been dying every year in States United, alone. That's roughly 1 in 10,000 who die every year. We've all been near enuf to someone to know that our own cross-products are at fault. If i were buying a car today, i'd have to fight hard with myself to buy anything other than a very, very compact car. I've written elsewhere about not buying a car today, but if you must, buy a much, much smaller car than has been the average. You'll enjoy all the safety advantages of vehicle safety technology, and you'll construct a cross-product that's less deadly for everyone. Check the physical math, but is the typical crash, given the center of weight of vehicle mass today, making sure you're the lightest car is exceptionally important. Again, demand all the safety technology, check the rumple zone, make sure it's beyond code, just demand less mass and momentum, too. It can save your lives, incrementally. Reverse the mass and momentum arms race. Race close to the bottom, and even to the bottom, of the safe level of mass on the roads, which is surely way lower than a four-door automobile sedan. Buy the four-door, if you actually need one. But you probably don't both need a four-door car. Most couples with two children need one two door car of today, to hold onto thru the Crashless Car transition ever so briefly, then drop in favor of the affordances of two Crashless Cars.

Yisrael has a terrific program we can borrow from called Hatzalah that works radically differently than most Volunteer Emergency Organizations: they have everyone possible sign up for basic response duty. So your neighbor in the next house over might be registered with Hatzalah and jump to attention, basically like lifesavers.army soldiers, when they get an alert there's an emergency nearby going on, by any means. It doesn't matter where you are: if you've got a phone, and you're signed up with Hatzalah, you won't be blind to a distress call that comes thru for rapid motion need to the Hospital. Their response time is therefore faster than Ambulances working alone could almost ever be, because it formed an Uber/Lyft Transport network before Uber/Lyft were a thing, and it's integrated into 911-Equivalent Service (interestingly, it's 119 in 中: it's different in different places; it would be nice if we could just standardize one everywhere, for all fellow-travelers, and maybe 119 will do). I'd very much like to sign up for a States United 119 Duty. I don't usually have a vehicle nearby, and i'm not medically licensed, but i'm consistently near some buildings that might be interested in Partnering with a stowed kit of supplies, including my neighborhood Starbucks, whcich could be a good place to see if there's back-office room for a kit runner, and if i'm told to kit-run, or maybe Baristas might do it, i can help Chaperone and crosscheck and foresight prevent any delays in EKG Testing caused by common agnotology like "Do i need 119?", that phone number you call to ask if you're not quite sure if your symptoms are worth 119 time. The National Health Service of the Kingdoms United has a wonderful Call Line that anyone can call if they want to reach the NHS with questions that are might not be 119 Levels or might be non-emergency advice questions like "Do i use goat's milk or cow's milk for my infant at this stage?", a question i was asked by a States United Citizen, that i maybe wasn't the best of all to call. It's a very important question for pediatrics, but i'm not sure that i could get a final answer on non-same-species milk choice. Perhaps i was overanalyzing it. But the NHS Service Line gets calls like that all the time, and they're exactly the sort of calls that improve health and help lower unnecessary healthcare spending by anxious young parents needing to know right away, or very soon, on the scale of at worst a general research steam timed "exploding ticket (nonlinear, asymptotic callback/visit gravitas measures)" callback rather than days or weeks. We could imagine a service that sends someone to visit you if they fail to call you back in a reasonable measure of time, regardless of the nature of your (legit) health question.

[^2]: I do mean that quantitatively on both levels, of body and Body. We must keep the circulation of life flowing. If a bachelor/ette's life experiences a very severe clot, and there's no heart treatment near enuf on hand, it can be deadly. I'm speaking of ISIS. And Daesh, embedded as it is in a polygamous balance break. Restore the balance, and Daesh has less impossible satisficeability marrying off their training camps, into CALM networks that will love them both as they are and as they shall be. Empty the training camps. We can figure out surrender terms that support a later CALM Caliphate, but with some Regional modesty. You're not going to conquer the Earth's Populations. For what little it may be worth to the Persons on _both_ front lines Wei (?) support re-solving, i am too Hh, and too HhAEAJ, to see that happen. It's in the Commander-in-Chief's hands. I don't understand why we can't have one Supreme Commander-in-Chief on CALM. In Hhinduism, the supreme triad of gods are divided into Creator, Preserver, and Destroyer. Militaries to date are generally designed first around Destroyer Logic, when they might be designed around the Creator and Preserver, with Satya, Satyagraha Soldiers. Militaries built on and by Destroyers tend to be wicked games, one-shot sometimes spectacularly 'self-escalating signal' transductive irreversible operations often based on false crossed Interanacional wires that the Supreme Commander-in-Chief of the Interanacional lifesavers.army could solve, like the Gulf of Tonkin Incident. Destroyer drag forces are solution-resistant, and they burn heat and energy resources that are better spent elsewhere, if we could just settle all the borders for once, allow land trades and property rights that are Coase-effective and allow for migratory moves when the pressure in any single area gets tight, and manage and challenge with Covenental Conversation, Covenantal Consent, PPS, Opportunity Guards, and Satya Soldiers. It's going to require CALMunism. Not Autocracy or Interanacional Anarchy, and a Hippocrates Stack Succession as Supreme Commander-in-Chief that cycles between Nacional Unions is something we can all agree to convey deescalatory, CALMing Century strategies on time without pressing any Nacional Advantages along the way. An important inclusion term: the Hippocrates Stack can't press advantage or construct zero-sums. They have to keep sensitizing toward lower Nacional Union tolerances in ignorant, inexplicable, or inept failures to sustain desired health. Before, it was a little harder to do, but we could have done this as of the rise in the acceptance of the _competency and incompetencies_ of Hippocrates, her strengths and his weaknesses in driving and holding ever better standards of practice, which is but perhaps since Semmelweis in Wien in 01847, or Virchow in Berlin in , or Jon Snow in London. 

[^3]: Viet Nam wanted to be Democratic and Communist. States United wanted Viet Nam to be Subservient, Administratively Appointed by States United, and Capitalist. Per capita, the Viet Nam War was worse in Viet Nam than the Civil War was in States United. I don't know what else to say of that: the numbers per capita are horrifying, made manifestly worse by dessecorp [processed, phig reverse] war technologies developed since 01865. I wish i had read "The Sorrow of War" in my last year of high school. I bought what i thought was an authentic copy from off a motorbike. I can only describe it as stunning, in the sense of a stun gun, and a sincere, authentic, genuine account of dessecorp processed war. Unsparing. Some parts are too graphic, including a gang rape by States United Soldiers, and senseless violence by everyone, everyone, and a portion that is so Family i couldn't tear my tears away. That part can not be read without the rest. It can't be excerpted easily; it's part of a larger depiction of violence. I wish the whole work were part of States United CORE, positioned at the same age as those Soldiers, where now this scene of group sexual violence will be to reasonable belief, soon or already, under conserved codon sage-proper arousal regulation. DISSENT Ready. DISSENT Set. DISSENT Go, Mango. Amber, Umber, Ochre. I don't know how to work this in Viet. Amber (T.A.G.), Ochre (T.A.A.), Umber (T.G.A.) are almost universal, if we do use the Latinate Alphabet as much as we do, and the stop codons, and the higher 'wobble' (formally, degeneracy, incapacity to tell states apart) on all the other codons are a necessary part of CORE. DISSENT for Kids + DISSENT have long before been i18n.ed, i hope, but the goal is to from a very young age, and certainly not later than Tanner Stage Puberties, teach the DISSENT Codes, Sageword [Invert your age!], Safeword [Get ready to go!], and Watchword [Ready the Conserved Code], for a later date, when they'll one day be important.

We have been stabilizing memory of Viet Nam wrong. We remember it as a blundering mistake, a horror, a lost war, as part of the mix of Nixonian Impeachment flaws, but not as what it was: an Antidemocratic Forcing of Capitalism over the Consent of the Governed, based on a series o frauds, including stripping a Democracy of its opportunities to learn, and manufacturing an attack on a ship, rather than interpreting any uncertainty in the favor of Salaam, or Salaam Soldiers, exercising Satyagraha, at the most. There was no Casus Belli with the Gulf of Tonkin, and we have to be more circumspect about trust on the Declaration of War. Consent of the Governed and Capitalism can not be separated so easily. We were wrong about Viet Nam's Democracy. Viet Nam was wrong about Capitalism, CALM Capitalism, CALMunism. Viet Nam needed to fail on its own economically, on a model of economics that doesn't work, and learn democratically from communism's failures, with robust democratic institutions driving communism into CALMunism. Today, Consent (Democratic) Peace Theory and Capitalistic Peace Theory are unified in CALMunisms that reach peak performance states. We need to learn each other's HSTRY compassionately. Let's keep educating, whenever we can. 

i felt anger in Viet Nam twice, once over flight transit zone rights and once over a lost / stolen unguarded laptop. The anger was so entitled, and so telling. It was an environmental test that i won't forget. It was a really good lesson. 

The McCain Exhibit at Hao Lao requires a review. When i think of totalitarian disinformation, it's photos of McCain playing soccer at Hao Lao, without a hint of the torture McCain suffered. But when i think of bravery, i think of the photographs of female warriors in the Females Museum. When i think of cultures of Naming Rites, Matrilineal and Patrilineal, i think of the young exchanging dowries, as they always have, and bestowing Names carefully to the next generation. How strange it is that we have militaries where females don't count enuf to halt sexual assault. How strange it is that we don't have u-dowries, as a sufficient surety, at a moderate and ceiling calmunity guaranteed rate.
