∆.md: Calm KB Pathway Documentation
===================================

The Calm KB is designed to satisfy needs in ∱TEAM education, industry, and society that are presently not met to this degree by any other KB that of which i have direct access. 

The KB is based off of the Dv KB, and preserves most of the Dv Layout, with altarations for ∱TEAM Education and special character domains that are important to languistic calmunity. 

The KB was built to satisfy the needs that exist for a simple, portable, cross-platform KB that ∆ English, ∱ English, Español, Français, Braille, Türkçe, Deutsch, Português, β|ess, and β|ess's far, far more ambitious Æncestor, Esperanto. Any compromises that were necessary to make on key positions were decided solely on the basis of the all souls count. Thus, since Español stands as the second most populous native langauge in the world, the ç and ñ are now attached to the home layout, to facilitate quick and easy expression by the widest number. Thankfully, the ç and ñ also advance the degree of comfort that Français and Português speakers will feel with this KB over most all other competing Dv alternatives. 

A few compromises and careful tradeoffs needed to be made on character placements; for instance, the characters of the Türkçe KB are fully supported but more inconvenient than a dedicated Türkçe KB, largely because the Türkçe KB replaces 3 punctuation marks of the Dv KB with specialized accented character output. 

Please feel free to experiment with this KB and start an issue ticket or contribute to it, or fork it and develop an even better βranch International Dv KB, if a need becomes apparent that this layout does not meet.

¯´ˇ`¯´ˇ`¯´ˇ`¯ˇ´`ˇ´¯`ˇ´¯`ˇ´¯`ˇ´¯`ˇ´¯`ˇ´¯¯´ˇ`¯´ˇ`¯´ˇ`¯´ˇ

Release Notes
=============

Notably, this KB was originally re⇌signed in 上海, and in a spurt of work on the way from 日本小坂 to 中国上海 by ferry，and has been built to exceed the standard QWERKY KB for 普通话 speakers interested in securing quick access to 拼音 Pinyin. 普通话 Path {officially, Putonghua (PTH), in 拼音 Pinyin} is the most populous and most popular first langauge in the world, and the US Extended KB makes it difficult to strike the tonal marks that define 拼音 Path's Pinyin Latin character transcription. On this KB, the tone marks are in order on the home row of the right hand, easily reachable, at a minimum of energy or contortion, while holding the Option Key.

v0.03
-----
This version (0.03) went through multiple release candidate (rc) stages. The latest v003rc6 was focused on the following goals:
☐ Publication quality for Dr. Gawande's consideration, for worldwide deployment of checklist character
☐ Support for Basic Six-point International Braille {at Shift-Control-∆ KB}
☐ Support for classroom lessons in 化学, the Course on Transformation (∱Eng: Chemistry; |Eng: ∆ Bonding), including superscript + and superscript - {Alt|Option-Control +; Alt|Option-Control -}
☐ Added support for ∱TEAM subjects with alphabetic superscripts and subscripts up to Unicode's Limitations
☐ Active i18n support for Español {1.76MΩ} rebalanced with ∱ Standard English {1.57MΩ}, Português {0.93MΩ}, Deutsch {.39MΩ}, Français {.32MΩ}, Türkçe {.27MΩ} with its fascinating dotless i, and β|ess (Ᏼranch Logic English, with Storied Spellings) {|English -- Unknown Pop.}. Many of the accented characters for the i18n were already included in the earlier ∱Path Release Candidates, in the four written 拼音 Pinyin tones {¯,´,ˇ,`}. The remainder were tucked into the best places that could be found. Cross-langauge reoptimization suggestions are both welcome and strongly encouraged; a complete simulated annealing study for supported langauge usage patterns vs. the socially dominant KB platform, weighted in part by affected population and in part by letter frequency, could resolve the optimality question more wisely than has already been done.
☐ Further support of 普通话 Path (PTH: Putonghua) characters {4.15MΩ}, including the double layer of {人|仐}, {元,☑}, {提高,☐}, {不是你,☒}
☐ "☾∀LM" expression is greatly accelerated with "quarter moon crescent, last" (☾) and "for all" (∀)
☐ A full range of new and old proprietary codex designators for intellectual and other property is available at Option-W (Ⓦ), under the Property Claims Dead Key. The Set includes a designator for the Kohlberg Commons (㊱), Government (DK - 〶), General Will (✪ x 5), and The Creative Heaven (䷀). It is missing a symbol for the Creative Commons: ䷀ may suffice, for your needs, or visit https://creativecommons.org/.



Although the Option, Shift, and Option-Shift Registers are quite packed, there is still plenty of ∱pace in the Control Register's Top Row, and the Shift-Control KB is practically greenfield. Further reoptimizing compression is conceivable, particularly with the Expansion available from Additional "Dead Key" Compressive Functionality.

This release does not yet cover the full symbol set required for Advanced Placement Physics - 物理 (Logic of Matter). i / In a future release, the extended registers of this KB may be reorganized to a degree to accommodate all of the keynotes for 物理 the Theory of Everything (Physical).

v0.01-v0.02
-----------
Much of the documentation for the earliest stages of Creation were lost long ago, in a disastrous laptop loss. i / I will do my best to document what motivates the choices that are present in the current KB.

apple1to56

Acknowledgments
---------------
☐ Ukulele.app, John Brownie of SIL
☐ Earthlingsoft Unicode Checker
☐ Adobe Conversion Scripts
☐ Apple KB Creators
☐ MKLC (for Windows Reverse Equilibra)
☐ Checklist Manifesto, by Gawande, A. 


Quick Advantages and Features Chart, Per Langauge
-------------------------------------------------
To be added. This requires careful, time-consuming comparisons to chart carefully. In the meantime, please feel free to fork and express the case!


Ω = 230,000 Souls, the number estimated as lost in the 2004 Indian Ocean Earthquake Watercaust.