
Structural Impediments to lifesavers/core

Wicked (Resistent to Solution) Problem Formulations
===========================
1. There is no definitive formulation of a wicked problem.
2. Wicked problems have no stopping rule.
3. Solutions to wicked problems are not true-or-false, but good or bad.
4. There is no immediate and no ultimate test of a solution to a wicked problem.
5. Every solution to a wicked problem is a "one-shot operation"; because there is no opportunity to learn by trial and error, every attempt counts significantly.
6. Wicked problems do not have an enumerable (or an exhaustively describable) set of potential solutions, nor is there a well-described set of permissible operations that may be incorporated into the plan.
7. Every wicked problem is essentially unique.
8. Every wicked problem can be considered to be a symptom of another problem.
9. The existence of a discrepancy representing a wicked problem can be explained in numerous ways. The choice of explanation determines the nature of the problem's resolution.
10. The social planner has no right to be wrong (i.e., planners are liable for the consequences of the actions they generate).


Wicked Problem (Resistent to Solution Problem) Countermodels
============================
1. How do You đsign and secure all-scale social trust for a definitive formulation of a wicked case problem? (Stitch in time with #2)
2. How do You đsign and settle a case stopping rule into all absorbtive, licensed, bond.ed⁺ theoretike, phronesis, and praxis networks? (Stitch in time with #3)
3. How do You secure Pareto-optimal, or Pareto-near-optimal better solutions to wicked problems that, with loss of time, resolve worse, not better? (Stitch in time with #4)
4. How do You settle Y⁵ourself into an immediate satisficing test, and a ultimately satisficing test of a unit or network case that's resistent? (Stitch in time with #5)
5. WY⁵ must every search for solution to a wicked-case be a "one-shot operation"; y⁵ can't wicked cases be left out to better trial and ever lesser error and better, best [unit, integration, regression] test-panel trial to solution to solve? (Stitch in time with #6)
6. WY⁶ can't the weapon of choice of choice be deployed and settled well enuf in advance to lower the optionality⁵ range to the practicable range, on lumper/splitter satisficing settlements? WY⁵ can't We entrust evaluation of and openness to new experimence to a subset who'll alert when threshold is exceeded on system re:altaration on the weapon of the choice of choice that predetermines the weapon of choice, on objective reporting measures settled in advance, with Lanier Lock new measure openness? (Stitch in time with #7)
7. WY⁵ do wei have to grant "uniqueness" to every wicked problem? WY⁵ can't be describe it as a member of the set of wicked problem, and hence, essentially non-unique, subject to an altarnative Ᏼranch Logic? (Stitch in time with #8)
8. Can a simultaneous solve with finer catalysis and concentrations on the rate laws to the problems, lead to a simultaneously⁵ satisficing system of equations, resolving these symptoms? How do You use "bowling alley" logics to knock learn how to spare, spare, strike, strike, and eventually⁵ turkey these interrelated problems with concensus reality⁵ and measures? (Stitch in time with #9)
9. Can we eliminate the obvious sources of discrepency⁵ in the description of a wicked problem, like ignorance, laziness, dishonesty, and a concealed concern and one that is believed to be more important to a narrow enthalpy⁵ than truth? (Stitch in time with #10)
10. WY⁵ are social planners _the only ones liable_? WY⁵ can't many Entities be Jointly Accountable, Jointly Responsible, and Equally⁵ Groundwork-Incented for the Outcomes (and SWOT) of Noncooperative Dynamics, and Periodically Resettle their Silent Accounting, Reaccounting, and (Un)Cultivated Separatory⁵ Dilemmas? (Stitch in time with #1)

Almost all wick.ed⁺ problems can be solved with education⁺, eduaction⁺, and faith, mixed within Periodic verification networks. It's not possible to thrive without "test and verify" cross-checking, checklist.ed⁺ conscience models that transcend media borders that can become mechanistically⁵ and predatorially⁵ deeply⁵ "strong eating the weak" sick (i.e. actually illogic.ed⁺, on ☾alm⁴(t)able Measures. If You are not able to be ☾almfort.able, there remains a Religious CORE Problem that must be argumentatively, counterargumentatively, analytically⁵, synthetically⁵, synergetically⁵ pursued and reverse synthetically⁵ altar.ed⁺ and achieved). Use SI on wick.ed⁺ problems. Include the Ᏼorlaug SI Scale on Life, which is Hh Periodics Religious (not just at 1Ᏼ full Century⁵ Đeath, but at or above .06Ᏼ, From Life Cycle to Life Cycle) and, at .06nᏴ and below, within Lifecycles, Lifetime. This Representation of Ᏼ Scale Religious Duty⁵ is Civic and Civilly Calculable in Pacetime in it's N⁺⁴ Nature, and can be adapted readily⁵ (if not rapidly⁵, in zone motion of a Trainee from another Religious CORE Local Zone) to Local ☾almunity⁵ +Norms. The question of Standard of Care and Standard of Conscience is meeting Development Aims and Rates that are Điverse, but Concentrate and Converge Rather Rapidly⁵ on Questions of Fundamentalist ☾alm. Internal Ᏼranch Achievement Prioriti²²es and End-States May Differ without "Externality⁵ Eroding" the Religious CORE. Contiguous Lanđ Purchase can [concentrate] Religious Ᏼranch Life. Doing so is not without Cost to Diversity⁵, and Seperateness and Assimilation of CORE-Ᏼranch Melts, Melds, and Stews must Re:main Ᏼalance.ed⁺ and Ᏼranch.ed⁺.

The lifesavers/CORE Interventional Repository⁵ is only instantly Manifesto.ed⁺ on Problems that Rise into Quite Large Scales of Ᏼorlaug Scale Life, Distributed Across Lifetimes. Y⁵our Descriptive Beliefs in the Superjudicial are Extremely Important to CORE. But Y⁵our Beliefs in the Supernatural and the Particularities of the Inducements and Punishments that Await You in Y⁵our Afterlife are not Hh CORE's Active Concern, and must be Ᏼranch-☾alm⁴unicated⁺ and Ᏼranch-Charged⁺, except for Eschatological Coordinations and Internal Religious Sect Courtship, Court Failure that affects CORE Life, Death Measures if not done with Gentle Scaffolding for Hharmless InterᏴranch, IntraᏴranch Coordinations. Many Wicked Problem Gordian Knots and Damocletian Sword Cases in Ᏼranch can be Solved by CORE Quantitative Fully-Integrated Pace Logic on Life. Many Wicked Problem Gordian Knots and Damocletian Sword Cases in CORE can be Solved by the Ᏼranches on Lifelong Full Stack Service.

"Loss of Life" at or above .06 nᏴ. "Loss of Lifetime" below .06 nᏴ, as indiviedually experienced, but Distributed by Organizations, this can come to "Loss of Life" in Summation and Integration quickly⁵ without Conscientious Care. This is Critically Time-Sensitive in Determinative Vulnerability⁵ Ranges, and Includes Duties to Help Unhired Candidates Find, Be Point.ed⁺ Truly⁵ to Lifework Meaningful Placements in "Market Slack" Cases. There is no sense in offshoring entrop without demanding the exchange of a y, y², y³... developmental minimum. See, "Kalief Browder", Total Loss of Life, Life Drive, Life Momentum, over a High ∱cool Disruption of Life, with no Just ICE, Endless Entrop, no Path for Reintegration, and an Fully⁵ Immersive, Hostile Environment to the Prison Brutality⁵ Limit, with Documented "Statistical Expectation"-Shift Observable, forever, in Encounters with Institutional Pathforcing Powers Caught on Prison Videocamera, Documented Intensively down to Carefully Captured Testimonial Desperation over the Existence of a Forward-looking, Sage ÆON Plan, having been Socially Disintegrated from H|er Peers. This was becoming true at the 1 Month Marks, and might have even been prevented previous to the Arrest Stage, no doubt. 

A loss of a School Year is a Complete Life Disruptor. But Studetns arrive at school in a complete state of disorder, unregulable, in part, because the Parents are endlessly negligent over discipline, and the students misbehavior becomes concentrated, rather than directly disrupted, socially⁵ in their nearest and proximate peer networks. Confront Your Peers. Call them out, get them concentrated on order, pull them away from disorder nets, make them feel welcome learning and loving order, and the love of learning that order which produces order rather than that order which produces disorder in the classroom. The order that produces disorder in the classroom is classed out, eventually⁵, and is concentrated socially⁵, because to do otherwise is to leave those so classed out as lonely⁵, tragically⁵ leading to sometimes more and more concentrated life narratives of lovers of (that Order which produces) disorder.

The 老师 can not spend h|er time asking You to remain concentrated on, learning, and loving that Order which produces Order. The 老师 must not experience any difference in Distraction Measures between Classrooms. Distraction Measures are injuries to the Class 18n-Action, and there are Ranges that may be Welcome in the Last 2 Minutes, Ranges that are Open to Change, and others that are Justly Unacceptable. If You can find a Century⁵ Wise Way⁵ to improve the signal exchange in the Classroom for each Class of Common Distracting Question to Accelerate the Concentration of the Attentional Architexture the Class (Smartphones, Logins Delays, Contagion Screens, etc. and the Chaos Around These Moments), and You also notice that that's where (Alexander the Great) tends to get brutal with h|er distracting, 3rd grade domination risqué humors, please speak up! Those Words and Medias and Mechanisms (and Outcoming Motions) are Alexander, but they can also be traced back to the Parents Operating Out of License. But You, đavid, have to let Alex win some points in Class sometimes, too. Y⁵ou can't be the only one dominating the y arm of the convergent intelligence arm races. Alex will build divergent intelligence, to specialize and advance the Classroom, and while the Class Clown can Diverge toward Virtue, it can also Diverge out toward some Remedial Esteem Domination Gameplay. If You gain logical mass, s|he might gain body mass. If You overpower with norm logics, implicit or explicit, the latter occurring in imitation of or timid acceptance of peers to recover or accept some of Your esteem from the domination humor replays, and do so on h|er body mass, s|he'll turn body mass to an advantage, to demonstrate how it can come in hhandy⁵. 

Don't outclass Alex, Đavid. Wei'll arrange a time when Alex can take a lead, and build on it. Alex, don't outclass Đavid on R Film Humors. Wei won't be allowing You to play tackle football anymore on the playground. It leads to neural cell loss. It encourages the wrong uses of force. And it urges on the wrong sort of "body-plan engravements". You will not be a sports star, Alex, and the economy only supports a very small handful of sports workers.. a very small handful. You're going to work for Your family⁵ business, just like Đavid. Stay focused⁺, learn everything You can. Hundreds, thousands, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of families are going to rely on You. Keep focused, together. You don't have time to struggle, under Your Parents, over what films and media You can talk about and see.

(Alex, Đavid was, and Ædam Đavid is, sorry for the weight, and sorry for the pain that drove the weight. There were 7 or more y at earlier grades, and wei were sometimes so inconsiderate of each other's complex pediatric growth curves and birth timing advantages that wei were brutal to each other. Wei can change this. Do You want to send Our kids to the same school? Let's x and y coordinate tackle football out, stick in the formative Y⁵ears to the media model release schedule of the ∱cool as settled, meet up on Friendsday⁵ in TEA月, and locke Our kids together into a Better Will, complementarily⁵ protecting not just them, but their siblings, in the rivalries and intrafamilial violences that inevitably⁵ spill over, in imitations. Đavid's retired as a First Name from my family⁵, and will soon be retired as a Middle. It's a tortured Name in my family⁵ history⁵... it carried scar tissue, and was outside of Ashkenazi spec. Perhaps Wei can retire Alexander, too. It's a dominating name that cues, in y child narrative, "Alexander the Conqueror" and militant work, in biological males, with male 2nd historical gender role "strength doesn't cry" modeling [and excellent openness to Gender-Ᏼlend achievement in x]. Maybe You and i can both teach Our children to cry from time to time, as well, and get loud about teaching basic lower cost logical troubleshooting of neuroendrocrine-state self- and social-regulation Ᏼlend expression, like anger (the response to trans-aggression), resentment (the regurgitative review and reenaction, survivalist rehearsal, redrafting, redesigning of thought-feeling ), and more, to keep these petty structural tyrannies of Đavid's from recurring into the next Generation. It's going to take some bravery⁵, on Your Part, and on mine, but it could achieve Y⁵ears of Finer Social Integration, and at macro-scales, a less-bristling, more hemopoetically-cooperative "foreign" policy⁵, based on the shared, binding affinity⁵ of parental, fetal hemoglobin over and before other business-binding concerns. Other Calendars of the Past were nixed over the Placement and Celebration of 07月04日, in Total Solar Fidelity⁵. What do You say would be Better? Interpendence Day on 07月04日, or Maintain Solar Fidelity⁵ by keeping it on The Cradle (17th) of 07月? And what should 07月 be called if not Julius July? Is it essential to the Nature of the Celebration and is it +Norm to call it Julius July? Does "Interpendence" flow smoothly⁵ thru the Corps?)
