ICE S<em>OS</em> Frameworks
====================
Suppose all mobile phones, smart or regular, were required to collect some rudimentary "In Case of Emergency" information from the cellphone registrant at the time that the phone is activated, such as an emergency next-of-kin contact to call in the event of a medical emergency. This rudimentary information populates an "In Case of Emergency" app that meets an applicable regulatory data model and standard that carries enormous value to first responders. The ICE Apps are bundled with each compilation of a mobile operating system designed and marketed for sale in the United States across state lines. Major players with more than 5% market share like Google Android, Apple iOS, and Nokia Symbian would be free to design their own preferred aesthetic interface and entry protocol, so long as the data bins include voluntary form fields for any medical information that may be relevant, including a voluntary load of allergies, known drug interactions, diagnosed medical conditions, and more.

In Case of Emergency apps exist for Android and iOS, but none has achieved widespread network effects, and the application interfaces are a fractured patchwork of screens with varying utility to a time-starved EMT with too much on his hands to do already. To make EMT reads as easy as possible, the OS would include a supplementary ICE S<em>OS</em> package installed by law at the OEM rather than the user level, and fact-checked at all other levels. 

Each ICE S<em>OS</em> Framework would also include a screen a person can access that will display a set of localized police, fire, non-emergency, and hotline (suicide prevention, for instance) contact numbers to meet the specific needs of a person in need, without any ambiguity about whether or not the caller is connecting to the correct Police Precinct or Fire Department. The organizational ICE contact numbers update automatically as your GPS location changes, and eligible organizations approved for ICE contact listing maintain their own geographical organizational boundaries in a shared-purpose shapefile that is reloaded each night in a bundle with all other shapefiles to a read-only repository managed by an appropriate federal record-keeping agency (FEMA, provisionally). No more waiting on the phone for a [Seattle Police District cruiser](http://www.seattlemet.com/news-and-profiles/articles/this-is-what-happens-to-your-bike-after-its-stolen-october-2014) only to learn that the spot where you are standing is technically N yards outside of SPD jurisdiction, and under White Center jurisdiction. The ICE software bundle could even be loaded to deliver a brief, easily-disabled warning if a phone user calls a police or fire district that is inconsistent with the reading from their GPS Chip. Such a routine can save tremendous time and frustration, improve follow-through rates on crime reporting for a wide range of crimes, and prevent a delay in reporting crime. Other configurations are readily imaginable, such as a periodic callback during a period of time when a citizen is feeling unsafe or unduly threatened.

Voter Participation Subroutine
-----------------------------
Finally, as a plus for mass democratic participation, on all Voting Days (early and regular), the ICE SOS app can serve a final tertiary function as an easily accessible locus for localized election instructions, heads-up alerts, and voting precinct information for all voting age United States citizens. The state-by-state alert system, calendar, precinct shapefiles, and voter interaction pattern will have to be defined carefully and updated fairly and frequently, but it is well within the scope of practice of each State Elections Commission as well as the Federal Elections Commission to do so equitably, so as to drive the greatest degree of voter participation. Within the voter module, someday soon it may be possible to conduct voter registration using the cameraphone and a scan of State ID, Birth Certificate, Passport or other identifying papers, with backend verification. Arguably, this deserves its own folder stub.
